README.md, before:

# Personal Profile Page
## Project 1 for my Treehouse Techdegree in Front-End Web Development

### Execution of Project Instructions:

#### Step 1 (original course Steps 1 and 2 combined into single step by me)
1. Found an image file to represent myself ::: images/me.png;
2. Found an image file for the background ::: images/spb.jpg;
3. rofile image file sized down to 307 Kb using Photoshop, now fits the limit (< 400kb);
4. Background image file fits the limits imposed by the course (358kb < 1Mb);
5. Text editor used is Atom 1.23.3;
6. Links to new profile image and background image are set;
7. The class "profile-image" was left intact on my profile image.

#### Step 2
1. The name was personalized;
2. Background section was personalized;
3. Goals section was personalized.

#### Step 3
1. GitHub, Twitter and LinkedIn accounts added.

#### Step 4
1. Home link fixed.

#### Step 5
1. Project expanded, additional page "Travel Map" added;
2. Project expanded, an image with Saint Petersburg coat of arms added;
3. Project expanded, CSS customized.

#### Step 6
1. Irrelevant => If you do not want to add an additional page then delete the experience link in the HTML.

#### Step 7
1. Put your project files in a new GitHub repository on your GitHub account ::: Done before the project start;
2. Make sure that you're only putting the files for this project in that repository ::: Made sure;
3. Please do not create any new folders for this project ::: At some point during the work on this project I added 'Styles' folder for this project. Now it's deleted and 'styles.css' back to the root of the project;
4. The GitHub Desktop application can automatically create a new repository for you. See the workshop 'Share Your Techdegree Projects with Github Desktop' for more info on how to put your project onto GitHub using the GitHub Desktop app (linked in the Additional Resources section) ::: Watched before the project start.

#### Step 8
1. Make sure to check your code is valid by running it through an HTML and CSS validator. Links to the validators can be found in the Project Resources. This will help you spot any errors that might be in your code ::: Done. Also typographed via https://www.artlebedev.ru/typograf/. Also added W3C banner for correct CSS;
2. There are a few exceptions that you don’t need to fix: Don’t worry about any warnings, we just need you to check any errors that might be there. If CSS validator flags use of calc, vendor prefixes or pseudo-elements/pseudo-classes these errors should be ignored. If HTML validator flags use of pipe (|) in Google font links/URLs this error can also be ignored ::: Done.

#### Step 9
1. Once you’ve completed the project, don’t forget to introduce yourself in the #welcome Slack channel so your fellow students can congratulate and encourage you! ::: Done before the project start.

Commit message:

Step 10 Done
#### Step 10
1. Irrelevant => If you're having trouble with this project, make sure you take a look at this great study guide:
Project 1 Study Guide

2. NOTE: A good practice is to check your project for cross browser compatibility. Making sure that it looks and functions correctly in multiple (at least three) browsers is an important part of being a top-notch developer. If you want, leave a comment to the project reviewer about which browser(s) the project was checked to ensure they are seeing things as you have designed them.
🕵🏻‍♂️ Google Chrome ::: Checked ::: Version 64.0.3282.119 (Official Build) (64-bit) 👍🏻
🦊 Mozilla Firefox ::: Checked ::: Firefox Quantum 58.0 (64-bit) 👍🏻
🤯 Internet Explorer/Edge ::: Not Checked ::: Not Available 👎🏻
🦁 Safari ::: Checked ::: Version 11.0.3 (13604.5.6) 👍🏻

README.md, after:

# Personal Profile Page
## Project 1 for my Treehouse Techdegree in Front-End Web Development

### Execution of Project Instructions:

#### Step 01 (original course Steps 1 and 2 combined into single step by me)
1. Found an image file to represent myself ::: images/me.png;
2. Found an image file for the background ::: images/spb.jpg;
3. rofile image file sized down to 307 Kb using Photoshop, now fits the limit (< 400kb);
4. Background image file fits the limits imposed by the course (358kb < 1Mb);
5. Text editor used is Atom 1.23.3;
6. Links to new profile image and background image are set;
7. The class "profile-image" was left intact on my profile image.

#### Step 02
1. The name was personalized;
2. Background section was personalized;
3. Goals section was personalized.

#### Step 03
1. GitHub, Twitter and LinkedIn accounts added.

#### Step 04
1. Home link fixed.

#### Step 05
1. Project expanded, additional page "Travel Map" added;
2. Project expanded, an image with Saint Petersburg coat of arms added;
3. Project expanded, CSS customized.

#### Step 06
1. Irrelevant => If you do not want to add an additional page then delete the experience link in the HTML.

#### Step 07
1. Put your project files in a new GitHub repository on your GitHub account ::: Done before the project start;
2. Make sure that you're only putting the files for this project in that repository ::: Made sure;
3. Please do not create any new folders for this project ::: At some point during the work on this project I added 'Styles' folder for this project. Now it's deleted and 'styles.css' back to the root of the project;
4. The GitHub Desktop application can automatically create a new repository for you. See the workshop 'Share Your Techdegree Projects with Github Desktop' for more info on how to put your project onto GitHub using the GitHub Desktop app (linked in the Additional Resources section) ::: Watched before the project start.

#### Step 08
1. Make sure to check your code is valid by running it through an HTML and CSS validator. Links to the validators can be found in the Project Resources. This will help you spot any errors that might be in your code ::: Done. Also typographed via https://www.artlebedev.ru/typograf/. Also added W3C banner for correct CSS;
2. There are a few exceptions that you don’t need to fix: Don’t worry about any warnings, we just need you to check any errors that might be there. If CSS validator flags use of calc, vendor prefixes or pseudo-elements/pseudo-classes these errors should be ignored. If HTML validator flags use of pipe (|) in Google font links/URLs this error can also be ignored ::: Done.

#### Step 09
1. Once you’ve completed the project, don’t forget to introduce yourself in the #welcome Slack channel so your fellow students can congratulate and encourage you! ::: Done before the project start.

#### Step 10
1. Irrelevant => If you're having trouble with this project, make sure you take a look at this great study guide:
Project 1 Study Guide

2. NOTE: A good practice is to check your project for cross browser compatibility. Making sure that it looks and functions correctly in multiple (at least three) browsers is an important part of being a top-notch developer. If you want, leave a comment to the project reviewer about which browser(s) the project was checked to ensure they are seeing things as you have designed them.
🕵🏻‍♂️ Google Chrome ::: Checked ::: Version 64.0.3282.119 (Official Build) (64-bit) 👍🏻
🦊 Mozilla Firefox ::: Checked ::: Firefox Quantum 58.0 (64-bit) 👍🏻
🤯 Internet Explorer/Edge ::: Not Checked ::: Not Available 👎🏻
🦁 Safari ::: Checked ::: Version 11.0.3 (13604.5.6) 👍🏻
